Document the behavior when creating a new env using an existing env name (#88)
mulesoft/docs-access-management: modules/ROOT/pages/environments.adoc

image::environments-85dc3.png[]

[NOTE]

> * Depending on your CloudHub subscription, you may have restrictions on the number and type of environments you can create.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Depending on your CloudHub subscription, you might have restrictions on the number and type of environments you can create.
```

> * If an existing name is used to create a new environment, the newly created evironment name will have a "-<n>" appended to it, where the <n> is an incremental number 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you create a new environment using the name of an existing environment, the newly created environment name has `-<n>` appended to it, where `<n>` is an incremental number.
```

Reviewer: @lee3star Please implement this change, and I can approve and merge when ready.

> * If you create a new environment using the name of an existing environment, the newly created environment name has `-<n>` appended to it, where `<n>` is an incremental number.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* If you create a new environment using the name of an existing environment, `-<n>` is appended to the name of the new environment. `<n>` is an incremental number.
```
